so
what are you doing oh i was just playing
with this lamp
oh i'm star short for starbucks
assume yours is barbara nope just barb
plain old barb i want to thank barbara
stark we're hosting tonight's talking
club and we're making their hot dog soup
i like the salt i like the hat dad
it's not as runny as it usually is
what does she drink oh she gives me
bigger tea love big teeth she loves big
teeth
even if it's just two eyes on a bunch of
look my new phone case i love it it's
like i'm listening to the ocean wait we
don't have cell phones
i know i'm gonna take it home and glue
it to our landline
i'm barb and this is star roll number
again please sir 6
11. 6 11. oh my barb
oh my god she's 6 11. 6 11.
we're in 124.
you